How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

I had made changes to a file by adding functionality and an API. In the process I madea few mistakes that were not immediately apparent. Seeing the diff allowed me to spot the changes later.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

I could identify the order in which changes were made which would allow quicker identification of bugs and quicker methods of fixing them.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google docs does?

The pros involve creating distinct versions of a project that will compartamentalize changes for easier review. The con involves potentially losing important changes made between commits.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

VC systems have different purposes and user types. Google Docs is trying to replicate stadard writing and end-user applications, which are less concerned with version control. They are more concerned with current version of a document. Git is concerned with fucntional application that has many moving parts. Those parts can have problems as changes are made. There looking back at how the parts were working before a change is made becomes more important.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

Git log can be used to see the whole history of commits that have been made to a file, so the progress can be more easily understood. Git diff can be used to compare the exact changes that were made from one commit to the next.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

I will have a copy of the previous version that I can easily access and compare to the newer version, which will allow me to compare them and see exactly what changed. This will allow me to easily spot errors/bugs and correct them.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

I want to practice saving different versions of file and uploading the files to a Github repository.